Story of Nin

	Some travelers say that the world is round, others claim it to be flat, like a 
coin the world is well balanced with the forces of good and evil.  And like a river the 
world flows on with certain rocks remaining still, changing in accordance to the flow of
 the world ever so slightly.  It is those ancient mountains that stand tall in the world
 as the flow ebbs away.  eventually those mountains learn to control the flow of the 
river around them.
	In the world of Antarrea, technology has waxed and waned and left the world in 
destruction.  Some cultures survived, others were incorporated, a few destroyed, and 
others thought lost or hidden.  MOst simply sank into depression.  It became a power 
struggle amongst empires as who wuld take control against consistent threats.  During
 the squabbles the Darker forces of the world managed to rally and en mass from all 
over teh world.  Unnoticed by the high powers, the dark forces began to form for war
 against the unsuspecting nations.
	8 oracles came forth to warn the key nations.  The Elves let their pride win 
and claimed to stand alone; that Oracle was captured and enslaved as an undead warrior.
	The Reptites took offense to the warm blooded warning and slew the Oracle.
	The Humans politely turned away the "misguided" Oracle and turned their 
concerns to politics
	The Dwarves, though scattered by clan, were most willing to aid the 
Oracle, but alas their numbers, fortifications and equipment were to few, to weak.
	The Gypsy-like Were-Nation swore to rise to the battle, in defense.  The nation 
refused to move their nomadic culture on the battle itself.
	The Minotaurian, though hostile, accepted the warning, but blamed the Elves and
 redoubled thier efforts there instead of preparing for teh oncoming invasion.
	The Furbolgs very openly offered all the help they could, but legitimately were 
sparsely defended as it was.
	The Orks welcomed the news of an upcoming war, for it had been ages since the 
conquering age and the Ork Empire immediately began preparations and celebrations.
	The remaining 6 Oracles gathered at their lost Promised homeland to discuss 
events and monitor the invasion.  Since the Oracles had left the forces of darkness 
had doubled and time was short.
	The lost civilization of Avia was ill fit to monitor these events.  Despite 
their great knoledge and resilence, their numbers are to few to handle the situation 
and the methods are only at the homeland which no Avia would allow regardless of the 
lack of effect it would have.
	It was the same conclave that sent the warning to the world that watched as 
the Dark forces charged onto the world.
	From the "Middle-East" hordes of Crawlers swept the Elven desserts ignoring 
the Undead and Elemental warriors.  Most attacks on the Elves themselves were meek 
and diverted by magic, though a few Gnoll forces were overrun.
	The Minotaurian forces rallied defenses just in time and fought off the 
advances with minimal loses.  The Humans faired better for their fortifications and 
a smaller front.  However the Orkish Empire smashed back teh advances well.  And the
 Furbolgs gained advantage from teh harsh weather and horrible terrain.
	The constant waves of cannibalistic Crawlers flowed on, but it was the attacks 
by the Dark and the Daemon armies that buckled the resistance.
	The Dwarves and Were-folk, unaffected by most of the initial swarming were 
lulled into a sense of false security and were caught almost off guard by the Dark 
and Daemons attacking from the west.  They were both driven east into the Ork lands 
and were almost wiped out by the Orks who thought they were part of teh incoming 
invasion.
	Armies swept through the north from East to West, slowly driving the 
Furbolgs West and South.  Even the Reptites and Minotaurians were pushed north 
off their shores.
	It took Daemons to drive through the cold North East and drive the Furbolgs 
Westward until the Furbolgs were pratically pinched together on both fronts.
	The Human and Elven nations received only minor attacks on nonvital 
installations.  While the Orks took on the most fronts as Daemons and the Dark came 
from the West, Crawlers and the Dark from the East and Daemons from the South.
	With the defending forces scattered and backed into corners, it is now that 
Power Enclave has teh world by the throat.
	
	Now that the story is set it is the perpetrators of this war we see: Daemon 
Lord Granthor, Dark Lord Ksss, Vampyre Lord Sephyr, Pharoah Lolinthis, and Lady Morgan, 
though created as a psionic beacon, she developed sentience.
	As the five discuss the ongoing war, things become heated, especially Lady 
Morgan.  An Avia alights the balcony and interrupts the arguements.  Sephyr and this 
Avia, Queen Arens, seem familiar.  Arens notes her pleasure at the infighting and stops 
to admire Morgan who takes offense.  Arens vowed that there were plans in process to 
bring down the war as she leaves.  After Lolinthis scolds Morgan who throws a fit and
 leaves.  A short discussion of Morgan follows.
	Morgan follows Arens to the homeland of the Avia and waits for her faithfuls 
there.  Arens decides that it is the Humans that must be convinced to aid in the war.
  Of the few available Avia, an Acolyte, Masa Mune, was selected to make an attempt to
 convince the Emporer of the Human Nation that he and his forces are being manipulated.
  HOwever Morgan sends flyers after Mune and then begins to set forces to sweep across 
the Promised land.
	En route to the Capital, Mune was overwhelmed by flying Crawlers and though able
 to dispatch one or two of tehm the last two caused her to fall.  A young warrior named
 Nin was hunting wild crawlers outside his village and saw, to his disbelief, her fall 
and the crawlers dive to advance on her.  Rushing to her rescue (time limit?), 
dispatching scuttles along the way, and runs into 2 huge Flyers.  Engagin them would 
normally be "insane", but he has to try to save her.  (Battle comence)  With her help,
 he battled the onsters as hse healed him.  When the two lay dead, he went to her as she
 lost consciuousness.  She awoke in a hammock inside a stone hut.  Nin explains that 
after she fell he brought her back to his village to see the medic.  The medic cmes in
 and talks with her, finds out she has amnesia and names her Celeste.  They decide 
Celeste needs rest and time.  She accompanies Nin in his duties and wishes to accompany
 him on a pick up from the next village.  They travel through a vace in order to reach 
the village quicker.  While inside the cave they overhear Lady Morgan talking about 
chasing someone.  Almost to the end of the cave the enemies increase, the cave starts
 to collapse and just at the entrance is a small Gargantuan blocking the opening.  
After defeating it, the cave collapses and Nin and Celeste barely get away in time.
  Nin and Celeste go to the armoror who is an old lonely Dwarf (Frar) and receivee 
a package.  Because the road throught the cave is blocked the pair must travel around 
the mountains in order to reach Nin's village, but once there, they find the village in
 ruins and everyone destroyed.
	There was even only one sign of what did the dame, and that was a warning well 
etched in stone: "Beware the winged one, to release her is to release the hold on life 
itself."  Celeste flips out and un bandages her wings to fly away.  Nin, lost and 
confused, searches the rubble.
	Finding dynamite, Nin decides to go through the tunnel and blow it open.  
Fighting his way through the tunnel again he makes it to the impass and attempts to 
blow away the rocks, but alas, the dynamite seems to be not nearly enough.  Stopping 
to think about the situation, Nin sits and the the cave begins to rumble as a hole in 
the tunnel appears to expose Frar.  Nin explains to Frar what happened to the village 
and Frar decides that they're going to the magistrates while Nin is occupied with what 
happened to Celeste.
	They trek on to the magistrate's who acts like nothing is wrong,  Frar blows up
 on the magistrate and a battle begins.  The battle ends with you draggin Frar away and
 the magistrate adding you to the wanted list.  Escaping from the magistrate's town, 
Nin runs into Jondas, a thief who takes them through the underground world towards the
 capital.  Slowly, Jondas, reveals that he is no longer well off with the thieves guild
 and therefore not supposed to be in the inderworld or tap the network for information.
  Taking a risk, Jondas, Nin, and Frar went to check a reliable source of his and were 
conered by the guild.  Frar stays behind to use the last of his demolitions and Jondas 
takes Nin to where they think Celeste may be found.  Jondas explains that he's a spy for
 the government, that is the government looking to overthrow the government, so he's not
 worried about the Avia or Nin and is willin gto help for his cooperation.

Grades:  Over-Full-Half-Sub-Zero-Trainee

	It turns out that she was captured by bounty hunters, luckily, those contracted
 by the guild.  This means she was brought to the guild detainment center till a bounty
 could be negotiated.  Factoring what a big bounty and whom its for (gov.), the long or
 sled stay there until the guild gets the price they want.
	In order to safely try to free Celeste, JOndas wants to get reinforcement.  
Going to a slightly darker part of town, Nin and Jondas meet up with at his clan's 
safehouse.  His partners those are mostly Half-grade government soldiers, and for all
 intensive purposes are practically as good a Full Grade Soldier.  After an in depth 
discussion and resourcing information and finally a tactical briefing:  Nin, Jondas, 
Rex, Rage, Malic, Nuke, Kith, Keesk, Lara with evil, and Lumina on emergency evacuation.
  After finding all the tactical plans another soldier walks in and he, Alex Stevens, he
 gets into an altercation with Jondas about pulling Rex off of the operation for another
 mission.  Alex, Dargo, and Rex all leave and Jondas reorganizes the teams: Nin and 
Jondas; Nuke, Rage and Malic; Lumina, Evil, and Keesk; Kith and Lara.
*Fade to infiltration*
	Teams are splitting up to infiltrate the building. (Possibility in moving the 
multiple teams by alternating back and forth or commands) Eventually the situation gets 
hostile and the teams must fight their way into the cell.  Afterwards, Celeste heals 
Nin and Jondas and joins party.  On the way out (teams moving seperate directions) 
Jondas's team runs into Alex's team.  Small conversation, Alex kept reinforcement off 
during the mission.  After getting to the safehouse, Celeste informs Nin on some things
 going on.  The gov. thinks she's responsible for wiping out villages.  Alex interrupts
 to take Jondas with him to report to the High Commmander.
	Nin walks the city the next day while Celeste recovers.  Slow point: mercenary 
work available, supplies, rumors ( on a day-night system, only one day).  Eventually a 
group (Vampire clan familiars) confronts Nin about who he is, Celeste, etc. *Battle* 
and the chase is on.  Getting back to the safehouse for Celeste, Rex takes them to meet
 up with the High Commander.  Pushing the two teams through, security is finally breached
 and everyone (from the safehouse and the two teams) are there.  Sir, the High Commander,
 acknowledges those that have offer to join and those that have chosen to stay.  Sir 
enlightens everyone to the situation the nation is in.  That there are monsters that 
would doom us all, and that the ongoing war will.  As much as Sir has tried to fight 
and win "fairly" or even "politically" he could not gain control from those powers and
 it has become apparent that even if power was wrested it could easily be taken back 
unless they are openly overthrown.  And Sir is sure that they even know about the 
Psychodom regiment preparing to move out.  The plan is to move out to the Orkish 
Empire and request assistance in their attempts to fight the war there.  Nin and 
Celeste are personally addressed by Sir after the meeting and attached to the 
Headquarters:  Sir, Ded, Arek, Jondas, Tara, and Irin.  On the move out, the regiment 
is stopped by Vampyre Lord Sephyr himself.  Sephyr announces his knowledge of this 
"treason" and that the "real" nation will handle itself.
	Then the lesser Vampyres and their familiars attack the Psychodom.  The battle 
ends with Sephyr leaving and Irin casting a sunlight warding, driving off/stunning the 
vampyres long enough to cause sufficient casualties.
	The Battle Trial: a journey of battles and traveling from the Human Nation to 
the Ork Empire.  Fighting humans, possibly vampyres, crwawlers, maybe daemons and the 
final battle will be a night fight with teh Dark (phasable slivers).
	Most people are lost in the battle with the Dark, though HQ is in tact except 
for Celeste and team Monsoon (?) is MIA, not even bodies found.  Nin thinks of Frar on
 the last leg of teh journey until the Empirical ambush: Goblins with bows, Trolls with 
bows, Ogres with axes and halberds, Orkish warriors all surrounding the Psychodom.  An 
Ork Boss approaches and challenges the small group.  Sir and the Boss match words and 
then skills in battle (the Ork's axe versus the Fist of Sir, a simple looking gauntlet, 
with Sir the victor).
	After the Ork agrees to escort Sir into the safezones and does so.  Upon 
meeting with the next Boss the Humans are informed about the war and how drastically 
the Orks are being pressed and also the Furbolgs.  Where the Orks and Furbolgs borders 
meet is where the best/most resistance is right now.  this Boss also informs them that 
there was another small group of humans captured close to the same time Sir's group was.
  whether or not Sir can identify them could mean death fro one of the parites.  Sir 
claims them as innocent and challeges their charges, but beating Goblin Law is not so 
easily done.  Plans are started to quarintine HQ and keep the Monsoons until they can 
be cleared.  Nin investigates here and there and manages to talk to the prisoners who 
tell Nin to report to Sir that they are set to be executed.  Nin reports and Sir 
challenges teh Orks directly and wins, earning the respect of the magistrate who 
realeases the prisoners.  A massive Ork, if ever there was one walks into the room, 
silence washes over the room in honor of the Empor himself, Ghruhnk.
	The HQ bows except for Nin who hesitates and then bows.  Ghruhnk addresses Sir 
and talks about Sir besting two of Ghruhnk's underbosses and challenges him himself.  
The battle is rather drawn out, the same punches that crippled the other bosses only 
manage to rock the Empor slightly.  But with each swing the Fist starts to crackle with 
energy and glowing blue.  Ghruhnk explode with distast for magic and finally notices the
 elf, Irin.  As Ghruhnk charges in an almost fatal bloodlust, Celeste breaks into the 
room, a ball of white light.  She declares herself to be Mune and absolves teh anger of
 Ghruhnk and Sir.  Afterwards she speaks to both about the war and their roles to fight
 side by side.  Ghruhnk and Sir both agree that each has power and honor and agree to 
fight against the dark poers.  Mune also told them of how the Reptites and Minotaurians
 are struggling with the surrounded fronts.  It is these two factions that could decide
 the victor of the war and a difficult decision must be made.  Both are two of four 
that face endangerment as an outcome of teh war.  The Dwarves and Werefolk also have
 been attack at tehir civilizations as well as their forces.  Both teh Minotaurians 
and Reptites are strong warrior races and with support could very feasibly sruvive 
well.  Either nation could be destroyed wtih proper attacks as tehy are surrounded 
by enemies.  After a long discussion it is decided that a team will go to the 
Minotaurian nation to negotiate with them first and ppossibly utilize their superior 
navy. (Possibilities for travel: foot, ship, transit line, airship!)  The groups must
 travel to the Furbolg nation for assistance from their engineers.  Goblins offer to 
assist with a goblin zeppelin, but Sir insisted of an airship of Furbolg design.
	After arriving there, they are escorted to the air labs where they meet with 
Frar who is telling/showing the Furbolgs his idea for a stealth airship.  the 
prototype is mostly complete and Daemon raiding parties have been hitting locations in 
the area despite defenses.  The group waits for flight testing, but Daemon Flyers attack
 and they debate releasing or destroying the vessel.
	Its when the ground forces are sighted that the Furbolgs decide that the airship must be destroyed and start to set demolition charges.  Frar, not to have his work so easily destroyed, sneaks aboard the ship and begins preparations for take off.  The daemon army assault the airlab causing an alert and the Furbolgs to start falling bac to the ships most board the other ships, but a few and the Human Party head to the Stealth ship and argue just before the Daemon Lord Granthor bursts through teh door to investigate.  Locking eyes with Sir the Daemon stops.  Ded starts throwing party members on board, and Sir waits until teh ship is moving and then leaps onboard.  The Daemon sends flyers after teh ship.  After dealing with ethe flyers, Sir names the airship "Psychodom" in honor of his broken regiment and it becomes a mobile HQ.  The Psychodom moves into the plainslands of teh Minotaurian.