Jumpstart

	Ever hear that old saying, "No good deed goes unpunished."?  Like the friggin 
story of my life here.  Everyone has those days when it seems like her or she can't do 
anything right.  They call it being "out of it", whatever "it" is.  I've had few more 
days being out of "it" than most people, with one instance leading the bloody parade 
of misery.
	Kids like me, its just a fact, we don't have as many friends as other people.  
and kinda like money, the less you have, the more important to you it is.  So when 
Nathaniel was hit by the cargo transit, you can imagine how upset I was, it was all 
I could wish for to have his heart start beating again and he be able to wake up and 
tell me he'll never leave me.  Well, part of that happened.  Hist heart starting beating, 
he woke up, but in a violent fit of near convulsions trying to get away from me.
All I can remember is crying and being torn by happiness that Nathaniel was alive and 
horror about why Nathaniel wouldn't come near me.  Fortunately someone called for 
Emergency Services, but the Medics must have called in the Enforcers for the transit 
driver, because they didn't get there until later.  After dealing with the transit driver, 
the enforcer chatted with Nathaniel and the Medics before they left.  They wouldn't let me 
ride with Nathaniel, they said that he didn't want there, and he shouldn't get excited.  
That's when the Enforcers started getting scary, pushing and asking questions.  they even 
pointed out the worst case sceneraio of the transit driver.
	By that point I was so freaked out, it was all on instinct.  Bright flashes of light, 
small explosions, as their gear popped and overloaded.  Their screams from the shocks and burns.
None of them died, but I put down 3 Enforcers, I didn't know it had ever happened before.
	Then more were showing up, and apparently they wanted me alive, I could only imagine why.
One got to close for his own good, then they were firing at me, and then I went inside of a lamp
post, i guess that was my Jumpstart.

