	Its not like I chose this, who would, who would want to live through what I have...just to find out the impossible, 
I'm immortal...Maybe.  Maybe that's two fast; I'm definitely not a super hero, though its the kind of thing from cartoons...
Okay, sick and twisted cartoons, like McFarland thinks up, but I keep telling myself that this isn't real, and next time 
it'll work.  Need to calm down, need to step back, I'm telling this entire story backwards.  I am Suicide, pretty morbid, I 
know, but its a helpful reminder.  I'm 17, and was a pre-graduate from Zeroing education.  I'm just an average girl, I swear,
 so what if I felt depressed and as if I had nothong to live for.  You cannot begin to imagine what its like, unless you have
 been there and you've done it, actually gone through with it, but then you go into shock and can't really talk about it, 
until its to late, I've been there and back too.  Everyone's depressed, other people are better at hiding it, or dealing 
with it.  Like dealing with choices, I was never very good at it, if I ever came to two choices, I would opt for both of 
them.  Thats where the scars came from, I couldn't remember which way you're supposed to cut, so I picked both.  I know, it 
must take a real sick o to do that, especially to enjoy, but it felt like a release.  It was a straight blade, like they use 
at barber shops, I cut deep up and down, and then across, first the right, then the left.  I remember how good it felt, and 
how I wished it would never stop.  I could feel the change, I still don't understand, especially why I still have the scars, 
these awful crosses on my wrists, if every where else heals without indication.  Like my body wanted to keep reminders for me
 about what it use to be like.  Since I apparently have the time, I am trying to be patient about everything; I am not very 
good at it.  One thing that's looking on the bright side is that if my body keeps rejuvenating, i could never wear a bra 
again and still have the same perky breasts when I'm 40, then again, I may just have them when I'm 70, 100, 200, oh man, I 
can't think about it anymore, if only I could end it.  This gift's a curse, I don't know how it can help me, after all, I'm 
definitely not a superhero.