M Sir Setzer (Empor)
	As a child, he was struck down, and had a vision of a more
efficient and protected world.  The child Sir was disappeared for many 
years after he was released from the hospital.  When he returned, he was as
strong ever, and a willing fighter.  He competed in almost every style of 
fighting, and trained in the uses of many different weapons via government 
training, but always dropped the position granted to him.  Finally he joined 
a new mobile suit division of the militia (the technology has become better as 
to make better and more agile mobile suits).  Upon the first mission of the 
team, the team was almost completely obliterated by hidden defenses.  Because
Sir was leading the attack, his mech was the most severely damaged, and had 
to be carried back by the others.  It was in this mission that Sir lost his 
right hand, and his eyes were scarred.  The hand was replaced by a 
techno-fist, the feared symbol of Sir.  The new suit division was cancelled 
and all the stealth suits were shipped to be scrapped.  Though the suits 
never made it to be destroyed, the government decided that the suits being 
gone was well enough.  Sir apprehended this suits for himself, and concealed 
them somewhere, somehow, supposedly on the vast properties he owned.  
It was with these he started his own coalition, the Psychodom.  Knowing many 
high people in various technological fields, Sir decided to create a 
superior warrior to lead the army by genetically engineering a child to grow 
into that warrior.  Using his own DNA (wildy altered, engineered and spliced
 to perfection) he spawned two genetically advanced children, one female 
(Samus), and one male (Ded).  Slowly Sir won over the government of his 
country and spread his ways amongst the world, unifying it into one single 
embodiment.  Because it seemed that Sir would unexpectantly be able to lead 
the army himself, there was some confusion to what was expected or to be 
done with Ded and Samus, Sir's children.  Sir decided that his armies no 
longer needed a grand leader, but could use a grand weapon.  After much 
research of rising technology decided that his children could be the first 
two people to use the upcoming bio-suits.  These bio-suits entail pulse 
weaponry, physical enhancements, melee enhancements, and increased sensory 
perception.  The suit allows the wearer to eat less, and to dispose of 
excrements less frequently and at will.  The suit does not allow sexual 
contact or the removal of the suit.  Sir used Ded and Samus as leading 
weapons in his armies, and as covert specialists when neccessary.  Ded and 
Samus were also granted there own armies to quell the rising rebellions 
the Emporium's hold on the planet.  After Ded and Samus escaped, many things 
actually began to settle, and Sir set forth in making the world a better 
place.  
M Ded Setzer (Hero Angel)
M Tara Shift (Rageguard)
M Irin Mayas (Mageguard)
M Arek Shaed (Warguard)
M Jondas Blackhand (Thiefguard)
L Keesk (Blood Skull)
L Ghruhnk (The Ork)
S Bogswab ('Lil Brudder)
L AcMar (The Elf)
S Golis Uth AcMar (Avatar/Golem)
S Masa (Strength)
S Mune (Wind)
T Alexai Stevens (Lock-Up)
T Dargo Infernos (Fire Child)
T Nuke Climax (Dark Fists)
T Crazd Fusion (Dark Fists)
T Havoc Raptor (Dark Fists)
T Rival Devastator (Dark Fists)
T Rage Seraphim (Deceit)
T Malic Seraphim (Blight)
I Kith Star (Dark Angel)
I Aqel (Lumina Angel)
I Rex Fear (Smash)
I Loki (Death Angel)
I Samus Setzer (Fighter Angel)
	Raised in the confines of the Psychodom compound, she was a genetic 
masterpiece of humanity, created and taught to be a near-perfect warrior for
the Pyschodom.  An overly compassionate person, Samus grew into her position 
and nearly bested Ded for the position.  Her passion for her job to be was 
almost discouraging for her engineered brother, but she kept close at his 
side, and began to fall in love with him.  Shortly before she was able to 
express this to him, Sir had them fused with the bio-suits.  One kissed was 
shared between the two, and his face etched into her mind.  As passionate 
about her work as ever, Samus became active in her endeavors to please Sir.
Using her army, she routed out small groups while Ded took on the larger, 
more upfront confrontations.  Meeting with Ded on many occasions, she talked 
with Ded about them, and their fate within the bio-suits, and if they would 
still be as much without them.  After a many years of leading Psychodom 
armies as bio-suit weapons, Samus finally played on Ded's honor as a warrior, 
and convinced him that they needed to remove the suits to be considered true 
warriors.  The suits were rigged to explode if removed, and they did as 
programmed.  Samus and Ded both survived, but were scarred as a reminder.  
Samus ended with a crescent scar on her left eye, and Ded a line down his 
right eye.  Over joyed at having her love's face unmasked, though tainted, 
Samus declared her love for Ded as he was taken aback at first.  Hestitantly 
Ded agreed that he loved her, and they disappeared to recover from the shock 
of losing their bio-suits.  After a while, Samus realized that she and Ded 
didn't have what she wanted from them.  After he left her, she went on to 
establish a position amongst rebels against the Emporium.  Her new-found 
army never actually managed to battle against Ded, but was also one of the 
only rebel armies to remain when Sir began system upgrades for the newly 
unified planet.