9 card (Fuck 'Em)

This game was accidently created while attempting to sort out the madness which is Assault CCG.

The game is played amongst 2 or more players.

Each player has a deck, a 3 x 3 playing "grid", a discard pile and an energy zone.



The player starts with 5 cards in-hand, drawn from the top of the deck.

Suggested Start:

Each player starts with 60 cards in the deck.
Each player starts with 50 life points.



The player who goes first, (sort it out yourselves!) may draw one card to begin his or her turn.

The player may then play any energy cards available, placing those in the "energy zone".

The energy is used to cast creatures each turn, and readies after the player begins his or her turn.

A creature is played into the rear-most row of the "grid", but move forward if no other creatures are infront of it.

(Developer note:  Creatures cost a number of energy equal to its attack plus defense.)

Each player ends his or her turn by assaulting another player.

Playing Energy:  You may play as many energy cards as you have in your hand per turn.

Optional Add-In:  You may play ONE creature as energy per turn.

Energy Alternative:  You may play creature cards face-down as energy.


Draw:

The player begins his or her turn by drawing a card.

Movement:

Each creature is allowed a 1 "space" movement which may be done horizontally or vertically, but not diagonally.

Clarification:  EACH creature may move ONE SPACE.  Creatures are not allowed to swap multiple times for any reason.

Assault:

During an assault a player may send any creatures (with an attack, attack:0 creatures are essentially big walls) in the front-most row (nearest the enemy),
 but that creature must retain its column.

Declare this by activating the creatures that will lead the assault.

Compare the currently assaulting creature to the front most enemy creature in the same column.  Apply this creature's attack to its opponent's defense.

If attacker's attack is less than defender's defense, then the defender lives.
If defender's attack is less than attacker's defense, then the attacker lives.

If attacker's attack is greater than or equal to the defender's defense, then the defender dies.
If defender's attack is greater than or equal to the attacker's defense, then the attacker dies.

If the attacker's attack exceeded the defender's defense, then the remaining attack (the difference) is applied to the next defender in that column.
If the attacker's attack exceeded the defender's defense, then the next defender's attack is applied to the attacker.  This is cumulative with the first attacker.

EXCEPTION:	If the attacker dies as a result of the defender's attack, then the damage is not apply further than that defender.

This process repeats through all rows of a column until the attacker is out of attack, out of defense (and then dies), or the attacker breaches all rows with remaining attack.

This remaining attack is applied to the player.

Once the front row of a column has been resolved, the next row of that column has the option to continue attacking, and so forth.

The next column is then allowed to assault in the same manner.

Cleanup:

Before the turn is over, push each creature as far forward on the "grid" as possible.  It is possible for assaulting creatures to die and leave gaps.

If a player has no creatures on the "grid" and cannot play any creatures this turn, they lose.

Fizzle:

At the end of turn, the player draws or discards until he or she has five cards in hand.