Conversion concept:

	Conversion Puzzle Game:
		Conversion Mechanic:
			Fire to Air:		Fire burns into Air.
			Air to Water:		Air draws moisture into Water.
			Water to Earth:		Water soaks into Earth and creates volume.
			Earth to Fire:		Earth feeds into Fire.
			Fire to Earth:		Fire burns to Ash and solidifies to Earth.
			Earth to Water:		Earth dissolves into Water and creates volume.
			Water to Air:		Water spins to Air.
			Air to Fire:		Air feeds into Fire.
		
		Control Mechanic:
			The "elements" would act as minions.
			You would just order about the elements to do stuff, go places to meet requirements or convert other elements into other things
			
		Puzzle Mechanic:
			Require various amounts of different elements in different locations for level completion.
			
		Timer Mechanic:
			Complete different puzzles within alotted time.
			Possibly set overall time limit with "days" and hours per day.

	Conversion Board Game:

		Objectives:
			Objective cards:
				2 Fire	2 Water	2 Air	2 Earth
		
		Turn:
			Generate an element.
			Place elements in worker spots to do different conversions:
				Double an element
				Fire to Air
				Air to Water
				Water to Earth
				Earth to Fire
				Fire to Earth
				Earth to Water
				Water to Air
				Air to Fire
				
				Fair trade:
					Put one element out for someone to trade with you.
			
			Foregoing placement for the round allows a player to turn in objectives, draw a new objective, or buy elements.
		
		End condition:
				Buy Out:		A player is out of objective cards, with at least 10 currency.
				Retire:			A player is out of objective cards, has completed 5 objectives and is out of elements.
				Shortage:		No elements can be collected.
				Monopoly:		A player has all of one element.
				Market Crash:	No currency is available.
		
		Win condition:
			Have more currency than the other players.
		
		

The Way: Of War
	but essentially fire has dot and spreads and self aoe attacks
	stone is tough and has single target high damage attacks
	air would have similar targeting to fire, but little to no damage, push effects
	water would have some push effects, ice attacks, stone and water could do capture techniques