Story:
		Basis:
			There are 9 regions of the kingdoms, each ruled by a Governor (or the King).  There are 9 opposing forces in the far reaches between
			castles.  The heroes play through 8 chapters, dealing with various problems in the kingdom for the governors.  The 9th chapter
			reveals that an imposter king has been using the party to eliminate his competition for the throne and the party must rescue and
			return the true king.
		Governors:
			1) Governer Zelda:			Angry like the Red Queen
			2) Governer Mario:			Sad, just very depressed in life.
			3) Governer Rock:			Overly joyful, quite manic about life.
			4) Governer Kirby:			Sleepy, the narcolepsy is enabled by the P.A.
			5) Governer Samus:			Smart, more academic than practical.
			6) Governer Bowser:			Idiot, the staff is overworked due to poor leadership.
			7) Governer Ganon:			Shy, so cripplingly shy, a mask is worn.
			8) Governer Kong:			Sneezy, plagued by allergies or hay fever or SOMETHING....
			9a) King Taruil:			A kind king looking to better his kingdom.
			9b)	Imposter King Torval:	A brutal warlord looking to steal the kingdom to his iron grip.
		Opposing forces:
			1) Gnolls:		Gnoll King:		Tiana		Hyena like dog people.
			2) Trolls:		King of Trolls:	Belle		Smelly.  Just large smelly monsters.
			3) Ogres:		King of Bones:	Vanellope	Giant monsters that like to squish smaller creatures.
			4) Goblins:		Goblin King:	Ariel		Little green nuisances, LOTS of little green nuisances.
			5) Kobolds:		Dragon Lord:	Tinkerbell	Lizardy type people that worship dragons.
			6) Fae:			Fairy King:		Pochahontas	Various types of beautiful, but deadly fae.
			7) Undead:		Lich King:		Jasmine		I thought it was dead, *POW*, how about now?
			8) Bandits:		Bandit King:	Merida		Your typical hooligans, ruffions...you know, bandits.
			9) Demons:		Demon King:		Elsa		Evil, sadistic creatures from another dimension.
		Chapters:
			1) "A Helping Hand"
				The King sends the party to help a neighboring region with some "small" issues they're having. It becomes apparent there are large 
				groups of enemies actively attacking the kingdom.
			2) "Give What You Get"
				The party is set on a nearby encampment of enemies, and is sent to deal with a similar situation elsewhere in the kingdom.
			3) "Shoot the Hostage"
				The party is directed to rescue citizens being kidnapped by a group of enemies.
			4) "Slay, Get Paid"
				The party is directed to subdue rampant robberies by an encampment of enemies.
			5) "Fetch Quest"
				The Governer REALLY needs some...very special items...from a nearby encampment of enemies.
			6) "Invasive Procedure"
				Oh no, a region's castle has been invaded, the party has to rescue the Governer.
			7) "Defensive Offense"
				A region's castle was able to set up some defenses, they just need some help routing the enemies.
			8) "The Helpful Governor"
				There appears to be a single force of resistance, the party is sent to destroy it and save the kingdom.
				Its revealed that the Governor is conspiring with King to control the kingdom.  Party is attacked.  Party fights their way out.
			9) "Return of the King"
				The King puts out warrants on the party.  The King is revealed to be an imposter.  The true king is found.  The fake is dethroned.
									
		
	