	Barely into my 1st year of Advanced Training School and I can't imagine being under anymore surveillence, I even heard 
rumors that they watch subjects in the showers and stalls.  If we weren't on a military intelligence space station, training 
to run the thing, then I could see how I'd be over-reacting.  Maybe its because I'm the top marks in the Training section that
 they seem to watch me so close.  There are days when you just want to get away so badly, you consider opening a hatch and 
take a space walk.  I was fortunate enough to be able to do so, not take a walk in space, mind you, but to get away.  Its one
 thing to think you're invisible, but an entirely different sotry to actually disappear.  The first day I realized the change,
 I told my friend it looked like she'd seen a ghost, and she said she thought so too.   Its a good thing I work in 
intelligence; like this I could do fieldwork that no one else could dream of.
	Telling my superiors was something I wasn't prepared to do, but I knew it was the only way to get what I wanted, or 
even get off the blomin station.  I realieze now there were alternatives, but then I wouldn't ahve the causes I have now, the
 missions, the excitement...yeah I'm about to pittl ein my pants.  Just lookin at the hot zone on a map freaked me out.  But
 they called  me a Super-Powered-Being, so that means I have the advantage, right?  Even without the estra training, right? 
 Oh, I need to, yes, need to puke! *vomit* feel better?  No...  Need to breathe, need to remember.  No one is going to see 
you if you do this right, on one can follow you if you don't want them to, and you should be able to blend in at a drop of 
a hat.  At least I don't have to worry about any weird gadgets.  The tracers are built in, I know teh rendevous point, no 
weapon, lets hope I don't need one.. shouldn't hold my breathe there.  But no one is going to shoot at me, let alone hit me,
 right?  Cause I'm gonna do it right.  And after all, I'm a Super Powered Being, and besides, who can kill a Ghost?