Wiz

	I play keyboard / synthesizer and sing 3rd vocals with Anxiety for Wish.
Here's my scary story in this fantasy gone bad, I am a Normie, I have no powers
and nothing special about me.  I'm not even as pretty as the other girls, I am pretty
sure that I am the most conservative punk in this hemisphere.  The only thing that even
sets me above the other four are my marks from education, my scores beat all four of theirs
in every subject.  It was just that easy, that and they never really tried.  The 
funny part is that I never really tried either, I'm just naturally good with 
academics.  None of us cared about school, so we just stopped when we got a chance,
and started looking fro what we did care about.  About 2.5 - 3.5 years later Shriek 
started Wish and we fell in line like little soldiers.  Like it matters, us five always
did everything together together, environmental volunteering, working out, sports, dating 
(oh, that's a book all on its own, quintuple dating), government volunteers.  You'd
always think we were afraid if one of us did soemthing different, it would tear us 
apart.  Well, those 4 all went and developed superpowers without me.  And I'm not 
sure how this is going to go, but I'm certainly not getting bullied into being the team
slave.  Not a one of those four are good enough in bed to put up with that, no madame.
	But alas, here is the downward spiral of my life:  left behind, lonely, and under-appreciated.
Its like going back to the nursery at age 16, same feeling, different bullshit.  At least 
the tour is almost here, and the music should take our minds off of current developments.
	Shriek, the pushy little bitch, also wnated to start working on the next album 
as well.  By end of the tour, she wants the 1st take done, but she'll be lucky if she 
can even get an album title and 3 songs outta this bunch by then.  Maybe we'll even 
make a gimmick outta this crap.  i certainly wouldn't put it past her.  The awful 
catch lines.  I can only imagine. "Everyone Wish you were super like us?"