Comic World Ideas:

Government developed nanochemicals that alter the genes/dna of humans is issued to humans in three 
phases.

Phase 1 was issued only to elite combat arms military personel.  A man by the codename 
"Soldier" is the only single person allowed to be subjected to multiple versions of the syrum.  

Phase 2 was opened up to all military personel and specified prisoners, though the only noted 
results were increased physical condition.  Again, only one person, a vigilante/former enforcement 
agent, codename "Homicide", was the only person subjected to multiple versions of this phase of 
the syrum.

Beginning to lose hope in the project, Interum (the division of the government in 
charge of enforcement enhancement) actually shut down the project for observation, debate, and 
research and development.  During this time other means of enhancement experimentation were 
developed, and many cyborg versions were created, as well as great leaps in artificial 
intelligence were made.  Developments in cloning also began to push the envelope, as soldiers and 
agents that had lost limbs could be grown new ones, instead of using cyber-implants, and 
reconstructed using nano-technology very similiar to the nano-tech used for cyborgs.  While the 
government could easily clone an entire person in replacement, the idea was "frowned upon" as it 
would be a waste of life, experience, and knowledge, which is exactly why it decided that cloning 
could be beneficial for the same reasons (black operations).

After extensive r&d on the dna enchancement and the convient sabotage of Interum and Stellarsphere
 (division of the government in charge of global monitoring, dispatch for Armiment) by Armiment 
(division of the government that is in charge of enforcement, investigations, and combat arms).  
As Interum's first large project since the infiltration, it was dispensed much more carefully on 
a filtered volunteer system.  The dispersion part of Phase 3 was limited, but still reach many 
humans.  Stellarsphere and Armiment gave each subject of Phase 3 extensive observation, but it 
was thought that Phase 3 was as much of a wash out and the project was "cancelled".  Through 
observation, radical changes were observed in many subjects, giving them "supernatural" powers 
and abilities.

A new division inside of Armiment was created, and chosen to be lead by Soldier by the name 
of Steel Collar.  The Collar's purpose was to retrieve and aquisiton snps 
(super-natural-persons) into service to form elite teams for Armiment.

Homicide was secretly  hired by Armiment section Midnight form a group called Iron Hammer to 
covertly remove and/or battle renegade groups of snps, or potential problems unfit to deal 
with officially or with the Steel Collar.

Interum selected Armiment's best tech-experts to form Silver Scythe, a cyborg oriented taskforce.  
A man noted for excessive violence during his missions, much on the same path that Homicide walks,
 was instead of being decommissioned was set up and sabotaged by Midnight as a potential threat 
to security.  The "assasination" was "successful" however Interum picked up the pieces and used 
"Rabid"'s body for cybornetic prototypes.  After a full year of implantations and tests Rabid was 
equipped not only with full use of his body, but exceptional melee and short ranged weaponry as 
well.

Subjects arriving at their powers due to Phase 3 subjection as had one thing in common, at least 
to current date: that they were all FEMALE.  It is possible that male snps may emerge at a later 
date, but until then it can be assume the current syrum is only compatible with female genetics, 
or at the least reacts more quickly with them.  It can be hoped that the nano-chemicals will 
adapt within the female bodies, and offspring of both male and female genders will be snps.







Operative Agents of the Emporium:
Armiment-Enforcement-Steel Collar-Soldier: Elite tactics agent, born the job, one man army
Armiment-Midnight-Iron Hammer-Homicide: De-commissioned Enforcement agent for excessive force
Interum-Security-Silver Scythe-Rabid: Assasinated Enforcement agent for excessive force, 
rejuvenated as a cyborg
Shade:  Assasin for hire, has been said that chasing him is like grabbing your shadow
Vincent Talis:  If not a legendary vampire, he is the closest thing the world has ever seen
Priest:  Wanderer, unlike a vigilante, seems to fight battles based on his morals
Integer:  Alien warrior looking for work.
Atomina:  A.I. unit running from Interum





Stellarsphere-Intelligence-Ghost: Recon and intelligence field agent, expert in technology and 
guerilla tactics, SNP: Can manipulate molecullar structure by density, structure, and visibility

Flux:  Can change the speed of electrons within atoms, causing drastic changes in energy and 
heat, allowing objects to burst into flame, or even slow them down to absolute zero

Lady Death:  Her look can paralyze, and by the very touch her skin she can absorb the life force
of another person, plagued by her need to feed in this manor, she has been deemed a hostile

Fist:  Subject appeared to develope psychic powers, obvious telekinetics, and possible telepathic, 
but most noticeably an ability to fly

Snap:  Subject shows unbelievably fast reflexes, and moves like human lightning

Suicide:  Under observation subject was shown to survive fall from skyscraper, explosion of the 
car she landed upon, the bullet from a mugger directly after, and electricution via toaster in a 
bathtub

Overdose:  Skin began to excrete poisons, and another point noxious gas, convincing control over 
the intensity as she killed her husband, but only paralysed the maid.

Jumpstart:  Body can now change consistency from solid to an energy/electrical form to the point 
where she actually used the electrical lines to transport herself across the state

Forte: Despite her size, the young subject was gifted with extreme strength, possibly psychic, 
but requires direct physical contact to activate

Voice:  Psionic powers, mostly manipulatory gifts, showing high concentration of telepathy

Shriek: Subject has amplified sonic powers, possibly from causing her very atoms to vibrate

Wych:  Subject shows signs of energy manipulation, storage, and dispersion

Feather:  Subject was spotted as a UFO, apparently she can manipulate gravity centered on herself 
causing her to be as light as a feather, or draw objects in on herself.  This ability could be 
built around a control of the density of her make-up

Target:  Requires physical contact to initiate telekinectic control, usually when throwing objects

Badaboom:  Charges matters to an excited state, causing even paperclips to become grenades

Necroma: Subject has grown a "symbiotic armor" with metamorphic ability

Meta:  Subject acquired a rectracable metallic armor

Graft: Copies and acquires the properties of matter she is in contact with, subject was discovered 
"disappearing into thin air"

Displacement:  Subject possessive instantaneous teleportation abilities

Voodoo:  Can telpathically redirect affects on her own body to another

Sensation:  Subject tangently activates psychic control of the nervous system.

Anxiety:  Subject emits psychic control over other's emotions.