Renley: Psychodom: The One Empire

Concept:

	The One Empire is a party-based, story driven concept.  The idea being to push the 
characters through a somewhat linear story-line while allowing them to adventure all they want
 to, within the never ending time limits.  An after game option to re-explore the world with 
side quests.
	The One Empire will use a similar if not same classing system as warring nations.

Alternative:

        The same concept can easily be applied to an MMORPG.  This MMORPG can be PVP based, with a 
points advancement system instead of a direct class system.

Notes:

      Points advancement system:
		With the current growth system in place, there are four non-trainable attributes,
	and four trainable attributes.
		2 to 4 points for non-trainable attributes will have a fixed growth path (or increase rate per level) 
	based on the character's race (and possibly current stats).
		2 to 4 points for trainable attributes will been assigned by the player, the resulting stats will 
	determine the "class" of the player and what skills / feats may be available for the 
	character to gain.  The number of skills available at any given level are also determined 
	by the character's attributes.  A character with a "pure" class designation (as opposed 
	to a "multi-class" character) should be allow a bonus skill per level.

	"Class" System:
		There is a chart to determine the actual class of the character based on the character's attributes.
	Any combination of attributes should result in either "no class" resulting, or a "class" from 2/3 match on 
	the chart.  While any character's "class" is dynamic throughout the game, the skills chosen throughout the 
	game depend upon certain attributes for effectiveness.  If a character changes "class" by changing their 
	distribution of points, their previously earned skills may not work as well.
	
	PVP aspects:

		A player may attack any player, NPC, or enemy at anytime.
		If an attacked player does not go to battle stance, the attacking player receives no experience,
	 and the attacked player drops nothing.

		An enemy, NPC, or player in Battle Stance, if killed, should drop something, if only a bit of gold,
	 and the attacking player should gain experience.

		An attacking player loses no experience from PVP, a little from enemies, and a lot from NPCS.
		