Avia Elemental Angels

In the Avia world, ascen to essence with the element of stone fused in blood and wing.

	The world evolved and civilization was created.  The Avia survived by the 
elements and discovered great powers hidden in the energies.  The powers were taken as 
deite powers and thus the great mistake of religion was born.  Because the unexplainable
 is impossible to prove people came hard to believe in these ideas.  When the "church" 
was established, the powers of magic were tapped and a hayday of chaos flowed forth.  
Erratic incidents of magic occured infusing and enveloping all life randomly.  the 
"church" decided that action must be taken to conserve and protect these powers.  The 
"church" became a conservative elietist system.  In order to best protect the magic 
"cults" were formed to protect each individual power.  Each "cult" became independent 
and overly secretive to one another, striving for power.  Becaus it was an unpreceint
 order, some were overcome and broke amongst the world that last an entire decade, 
causing bitter hatred amonst the difffering clans.
	Now, magic, as unknown as ever, has dropped from soughtenness as being dangerous
 and uncontrollable.  Though there is enough interest to continue the practice and the 
clans to divide into small domestic groups and nomadic clans.  also arriving from the 
practice was a hierarchy of order of magic across the world.  this hierarchy lands to 
two sides, one of which has been disappearring for decades and is about to suddenly 
take hold of the Avia world of Evilance.

Elmements:

-Essence-Light-Dark-
        |
-Plasma-Fire-Ice-
        |
-Air-Water-Earth-
        |
     Neutral

20071124 Editation:
*
Character begins as normal, and first discovers either an ability to tap into Air elementals or (in the course of some 
extravagent adventure) discovers the shrine of the ancient order of Air.  Tapping into Air elemental is discreet and allows 
normal character interaction until the following chapter.
*