Monster Office Ruleset v0.1

1) Player resources:
    1) Resource deck: Work (Resource) Cards
    2) Project Deck: Cards representing project tiles.
	3) Player tokens
	4) Credit tokens
2) Setup:
    1) Each player gets 3 resource cards, and 1 project card.
    2) Before the game, each player plays their project card.
    3) Going first:
        1) Each player plays 1 card face down and everyone reveals at once(do not discard).
        2) The highest non-common card (ties are eliminated), goes first.
        3) In the case that everyone ties, perform rounds until someone wins.
        4) If all cards are played, then 1 card is dealt to each player face up until a winner occurs.
        5) Each player keeps the cards he/she is dealt.
3) Grid map to which project tiles are played.
    1)  Player must place to a valid space, if available.
    2)  If no space is available, then the player chooses how projects shift.
        1)  The player must shift the least amount of projects.
4) Projects require different resources by type and number/quantity.
    1) When meeting project requirements, place a player token on the card stack
    2) Points of credit are earned upon project completion by project rewards (Listed on the project tile.).
    3) There are 6 "colors" of resources with the following quantities:
        1) 1 card with quantity of 5.
        2) 2 cards with quantity of 4.
        3) 3 cards with quantity of 3.
        4) 4 cards with quantity of 2.
        5) 5 cards with quantity of 1.
5) Actions:
    1) Draw Project: only 1.
    2) Play Project: only 1.
    3) Draw Resources: 3 resources.
    4) Play Resources: As many as available.
		1) Place a number of tokens equal to the number on the resource card on the project tile.
6) Restrictions
	1) Hand Limit: each player has a hand limit of 6 cards.
	2) Workhorse: the player with the lowest score has no hand limit.
		1) Any player with a score of zero counts as a Workhorse.
		2) People tied for Workhorse are all Workhorses.
	3) Workhorse is evaluated at each person's discard phase, i.e. a player only discards if they are NOT a workhorse
		at THEIR discard phase.
7) Scoring:
	1) A player who completes the project collects the project.
	2) A player gets 1 point of credit for completing a project's color set (exactly) once the project has been completed.
	3) A player gets 1 point of credit for each player token on the project that has been completed.
	4) A player gets a number of points of credit equal to the number of color sets on the project tile,
		for being the one to complete a project.
8) End Conditions:
	1) Game ends when 10 projects have been completed.
	2) Player with the most "credit" wins.