Vincent Talis:  The Dark Against the Shadows

	Normally, vampires bleed their victims dry and dispose of the body.  If one feels
 it is unneccesary it is usually given to a lacky to store the rest of the blood and 
remove the body.  Occasionally, a victim will simply not turn when left "alive", but 
usually an unattended victim will crawl off and become a vampire itself.  Rogue 
vampires are usually normal citizens and aren't taught "The Way" and are thus killed 
by citizens or are killed by the Vampire Nation.  Very few are ever actually hunted, 
being so clumsy, but this is one of those who actually poses a threat.
	Vincent Talis was assigned to observe and recon activity and information on 
a suspect (ironic that the gov. put him in position to defeat the work of its masters)
when the suspect and its guards were attacked.  Vincent radioed for back up and took 
action moving to assist the security team.  By the time he arrived to the position the
 team was grotesquely dead and the suspect was fatally wounded.  Moving to check on 
the suspect he was blindsided and attacked.
	The person left him, a Half-Grade soldier, in a heap in the corner and went 
to tear the suspect's head from its body, Vincent did the only thing he could do: he fell
 out the window.  The woman, a vampire, did not follow, did not find, and possibly just 
didn't care about Vincent.  This vampyre is thought to be the one know as Origin, which 
insinuates that it was a very personal matter for such an ancient vampyre to act its whims 
in person.
	Vincent's transformation was slow, possibly due to the damage he received from
 the vampire.  In a month's time, Vincent recovered and soon after, within a week, the
 soldier was overtaken by the vampirism.  While the thirst overtook him at first, he 
broke the trance and learned the loopholes quickly; animals, bums, and the enemy.
	After a government investigation ( and Vincent tearing apart two full grade soldiers
 and a team of half-grades) the government wrote it off as a disability and promoted
 him to a full-grade soldier.
	Learning about himself and what he had become, his only wish was that he had not survived the "incident".
  Cursing his villain, he vowed to take on the world of Vampyres.  With no rest, he began engineering and shopping for
state of the art, anti-vampyre weaponry during the day within the confines of the laboratory, and applying his findings by 
night.
	He has the one advantage other Vampyre Hunters do not....he's one of them, and plays by the same rules.  Superior 
strength, agility, speed, balance, senses, and psyonic activity, his only downfalls: ultraviolet radiation, and the THIRST.  

Put away your crosses, holy water, and garlic, ye need not be afraid, unless....you're one of 'em.



Features:
Time limit to find sanctuary before morning
consequence is slow breakdown, like poison (sluggishness, and loss of life)
Have humans and vampyres join your cause
Turn humans to vampyres
Feed off a variety of blood (synthetic, cloned, livestock, human)
consequence is impairment of abilities (almost revertion to humanity), sluggishness, drastic loss of life