	It all began with the fevers.  I thought I had contracted some kind of plague.  it was so hot and all around me, 
patients started getting worse and dying all around me, until the staff decided to isolate me.  At first I thought they had
 put me in a meat locker, but apparently it was just an average isolation room.  Those I didn't kill in the infirmary got 
better so at least I was the only one who was "sick".
	Before I had gotten "sick", I'd lived through the hot, hot days, just wising that it would be colder, and just maybe
 I'd get to see snow.  Maybe I'd even get to wear a winter parka like the nurses wore when they tended me in my "freezer".  
The fur was so soft, I wanted to have it all for my own.  I remember how sorry I felt for them, I was so hot, if only I could
 give some of the heat to the nurses, despite how poorly I felt, I knew they had done much for me, and I wanted to give to 
them as well, give them my heat, and all I had to do was release it.
	It was the smell that brought me around, that charred smell of burning hair; the fur had lit up as easy as a match.  
He couldn't even scream, he just flailed and beat at his arm, and then everything went clear as...as I...exploded.
	When it was all over the room was black and the walls were melted.  There was a smoldering black lump in one corner,
 and another outside in the hallway and a funny mist in the air.
	I was looking at my hands and realizing I was on fire.  That was the hardest to take in, the realization that I had 
destroyed the room.  It was almost as bad when I realized how to turn it off, how I could cool down the whole room, how I 
realized how hard it was to sense temperature.  Whatever temperatur I felt, my body automatically seemed to compensate, like 
a reflex.  I still don't understand it, really.  Oh yeah the end of that story was like 15 minutes ago...so I'll have plenty 
of time to figure things out, as long as they don't catch me, but that means I gotta run.  But at least I know that I can 
fight back, well after I figure out how.