	When you're little, no one expects much out of you, or even notices you.  Being noticed isn't alway a good thing 
either.  All boys always picked on me, and some of the bigger girls too, made me do...things, but I wasn't really afraid, 
I just did what I had to do...whatever it was to get by.  I was small, I was weak, and he was the only thing I've ever been 
afraid of, except maybe the dark, and that was only because I knew he was somewhere in it, taunting me, playing with my head.
  The only other person who could ever hide in the dark better was the man in the mask, my "bogey-man", but he was a friend.
  I always felt safe with my "bogey-man".  That still white mask always made the nightmares go away, and he never even spoke.
	The Keeper would come from teh dark, whispering lude, nasty comments from every direction, trying to scare me; 
practically making me wet my bed.  Why did he have to come at night?!  It wasn't bad enough to stalk me during the day?  
No one would believe, and I can't keep him out.  I wish the man in the mask could make him go away, but he's never there 
when it happens.  After he comes, he'll be silent long enough, just, mind you, to believe that maybe he's not there, but then
 he whispers, how I hate his voice!  And he'll swipe at me, not to strike me, but just to graze me, to let me know he can.  
And just before I'm about to cry from paranoia *BAM*, he hits me, I cry out, and he pounces, stifling my cries.  It doesn't
 matter, I know that even if someone heras my cries, no one will help, and non eone would believe.  I'm just "scard", 
"paranoid", "having a nightmare", because who would want to do things to me, make me do things.  I've been abused for 
so long because I'm weak, because I'm little.  I may still be little, young even, shit, I'm just a kid.  I am probably still
 weak, really; no one picks on me though, only my one visitor in the dark now, and he's proud, I know that somehow.  After I
 destroyed that Keeper, I knew I really had something, I believe that was the moment I had finally found my Forte, me!